GCR & ACR guide (#717)
earthly/earthly: docs/SUMMARY.md

    * [Debugging techniques](guides/debugging.md)
    * [Multi-platform builds](guides/multi-platform.md)
    * [CI integration](guides/ci-integration.md)
    * Working With Cloud Providers
        * [Pushing and Pulling from AWS ECR](guides/pushing-images-to-ECR.md)
        * [Pushing and Pulling Images with GCP Artifact Registry](guides/pushing-images-to-GCR.md)

>         * [Pushing and Pulling Images with Azure ACR](guides/pushing-images-to-ACR.md)

Reviewer: Shorter names look better here - how about just:

```suggestion
    * Working With Cloud Providers
        * [AWS ECR](guides/pushing-images-to-ECR.md)
        * [GCP Artifact Registry](guides/pushing-images-to-GCR.md)
        * [Azure ACR](guides/pushing-images-to-ACR.md)
```

Author: Check my latest push, I pruned that up

Author: But had lengthened the upper one. These guides arent quite wide enough to warrant a "Working With Cloud Providers"

    * [Multi-platform builds](guides/multi-platform.md)
    * [CI integration](guides/ci-integration.md)
    * [Pushing and Pulling from AWS ECR](guides/pushing-images-to-ECR.md)

>     * [Pushing and Pulling Images with GCP Artifact Registry](./pushing-images-to-GCR.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Pushing and Pulling Images with GCP Artifact Registry](guides/pushing-images-to-GCR.md)
```

Author: Already fixed
